#2155: Clarify when an exercise is tested with the `-race` flag (#2207)
exercism/go: exercises/practice/bank-account/.docs/instructions.append.md

simultaneously, two withdrawals occurring concurrently should not be able
to bring the balance into the negative.

> To test that your code handles concurrency properly and does not introduce

Reviewer: Since this content is visible for people working on the website as well as working locally, I would recommend to change it slightly so website users are not confused, e.g.
```suggestion
When working locally, you can test that your code handles concurrency properly and does not introduce
```
